My name is Paul Hawkins and I've been going to gigs in Newport since the mid-80s.
I'm a proprietor of Diverse Vinyl, formerly Diverse Music.
Been a DJ around town, student nights and got involved with gigs and various other bits
and pieces that come your way whilst running a record shop I suppose.
The first gig I ever saw in Newport was Public Enemy in Newport Centre.
It's one of those things where people say, what's your most memorable gig?
And my initial reaction is, wow, there's too many gigs to think about.
I've been going to gigs since about mid-80s I would say in Newport and there's far too
many to even consider a memorable one.
But suddenly a memorable gig out of nowhere just pings out into my mind and one that really
springs to mind to me was British Sea Power playing at Le Pub.
Phenomenal band in their infancy at the time, just full of energy and enthusiasm and the
songs were quite varied.
They did a particularly long song called Lately, I remember which went on for about 40 minutes.
The band ended up, obviously there's a lot of bands that did it in Le Pub, Hanging From
the Rufters, yeah just a generally brilliant, brilliant performance.
Fairly sparse, which is quite often the case.
You'll find those gigs that are most memorable, you leave wondering why there weren't more
people there with you.